update readme and rename hello example to counter (#8)
outerbounds/metaflow-ray: README.md

### Introduction
`metaflow-ray` is an extension for Metaflow that enables seamless integration with Ray, allowing users to easily leverage 
Ray's powerful distributed computing capabilities within their Metaflow flows. With `metaflow-ray`, you can spin up transient / ephemeral Ray clusters on AWS Batch or Kubernetes directly from your Metaflow steps using the `@metaflow_ray` decorator. This enables you to run your Ray applications that leverage Ray Core, Ray Train, Ray Tune, and Ray Data effortlessly within your Metaflow flow.

### Features
- <b>Effortless Ray Integration:</b> This extension provides a simple and intuitive way to incorporate Ray 
into your Metaflow workflows using the `@metaflow_ray` decorator.

> - <b>Transient Ray Clusters:</b> Let Metaflow orchestrate the creation of transient Ray clusters on top of either:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- <b>Elastic Ephemeral Ray Clusters:</b> Let Metaflow orchestrate the creation of ephemeral Ray clusters on top of either:
```

    - AWS Batch multi-node parallel jobs
    - Kubernetes JobSets

> - <b>Seamless Ray Initialization:</b> The `@metaflow_ray` decorator handles the initialization of the Ray cluster for you, so you just need to focus on writing your Ray code without worrying about cluster setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- <b>Seamless Ray Initialization:</b> The `@metaflow_ray` decorator handles the initialization of the Ray cluster for you, so you can to focus on writing your Ray code without worrying about cluster setup
```
